processing word: just
response from chat: Nur
processing word: over
response from chat: 체ber
processing word: year
response from chat: Jahr
processing word: world
response from chat: Welt
processing word: next
response from chat: N채chste
processing word: work
response from chat: Arbeit
processing word: last
response from chat: Letzte
processing word: music
response from chat: Musik
processing word: make
response from chat: Machen
processing word: city
response from chat: Stadt
processing word: number
response from chat: Nummer
processing word: after
response from chat: nach
processing word: then
response from chat: dann
processing word: good
response from chat: Gut
processing word: well
response from chat: Gut
processing word: where
response from chat: Wo
processing word: book
response from chat: Buch
processing word: high
response from chat: Hoch
processing word: school
response from chat: Schule
processing word: each
response from chat: Jede
processing word: everyone
response from chat: Jeder
processing word: police
response from chat: Polizei
processing word: brown
response from chat: Braun
processing word: hill
response from chat: H체gel
processing word: map
response from chat: Karte
processing word: glass
response from chat: Glas
processing word: happy
response from chat: Gl체cklich
processing word: thank
response from chat: Danke
processing word: telephone
response from chat: Telefon
processing word: sport
response from chat: Sport
processing word: animal
