processing word: just
response from chat: Nur
processing word: over
response from chat: über
processing word: year
response from chat: Jahr
processing word: world
response from chat: Welt
processing word: next
response from chat: Nächste
processing word: work
response from chat: Arbeit
processing word: last
response from chat: Letzte
processing word: music
response from chat: Musik
processing word: make
response from chat: Machen
processing word: city
response from chat: Stadt
processing word: number
response from chat: Nummer
processing word: after
response from chat: nach
processing word: then
response from chat: dann
processing word: good
response from chat: Gut
processing word: well
response from chat: Gut
processing word: where
response from chat: Wo
processing word: book
response from chat: Buch
processing word: high
response from chat: Hoch
processing word: school
response from chat: Schule
processing word: each
response from chat: Jede
processing word: everyone
response from chat: Jeder
processing word: police
response from chat: Polizei
processing word: brown
response from chat: Braun
processing word: hill
response from chat: Hügel
processing word: map
response from chat: Karte
processing word: glass
response from chat: Glas
processing word: happy
response from chat: Glücklich
processing word: thank
response from chat: Danke
processing word: telephone
response from chat: Telefon
processing word: sport
response from chat: Sport
processing word: animal
processing word: just
response from chat: Nur
processing word: over
response from chat: über
processing word: year
response from chat: Jahr
processing word: world
response from chat: Welt
processing word: next
response from chat: Nächste
processing word: work
response from chat: Arbeit
processing word: last
response from chat: Letzte
processing word: music
response from chat: Musik
processing word: make
response from chat: Machen
processing word: city
response from chat: Stadt
processing word: number
response from chat: Nummer
processing word: after
response from chat: nach
processing word: then
response from chat: dann
processing word: good
response from chat: Gut
processing word: well
response from chat: Gut
processing word: where
response from chat: Wo
processing word: book
response from chat: Buch
processing word: high
response from chat: Hoch
processing word: school
response from chat: Schule
processing word: each
response from chat: Jede
processing word: everyone
response from chat: Jeder
processing word: police
response from chat: Polizei
processing word: brown
response from chat: Braun
processing word: hill
response from chat: Hügel
processing word: map
response from chat: Karte
processing word: glass
response from chat: Glas
processing word: happy
response from chat: Glücklich
processing word: thank
response from chat: Danke
processing word: telephone
response from chat: Telefon
processing word: sport
response from chat: Sport
processing word: animal
response from chat: Tier
processing word: lamp
response from chat: Lampe
processing word: juice
response from chat: Saft
processing word: walk
response from chat: gehen
processing word: egg
response from chat: Ei
processing word: min
response from chat: Minute
processing word: corn
response from chat: Mais
processing word: farmer
response from chat: Bauer
processing word: soup
response from chat: Wortsuppe
processing word: nose
response from chat: Nase
processing word: cent
response from chat: Cent
processing word: sees
response from chat: sieht
processing word: sister
response from chat: Schwester
processing word: monkey
response from chat: Affe
processing word: skirt
response from chat: Rock
processing word: weekend
response from chat: Wochenende
processing word: noon
response from chat: Mittag
processing word: farm
response from chat: Bauernhof
processing word: tooth
response from chat: Zahn
processing word: like
response from chat: mögen
processing word: butter
response from chat: Butter
processing word: pepper
response from chat: Pfeffer
processing word: autumn
response from chat: Herbst
processing word: toilet
response from chat: Toilette
processing word: jacket
response from chat: Jacke
processing word: pay
response from chat: Bezahlen
processing word: finger
response from chat: Finger
processing word: mother
response from chat: Mutter
processing word: mom
response from chat: Mama
processing word: lip
response from chat: Lippe
processing word: rabbit
response from chat: Kaninchen
processing word: homework
response from chat: Hausaufgaben
processing word: stop
response from chat: Stopp
processing word: vegetable
response from chat: Gemüse
processing word: lemon
response from chat: Zitrone
processing word: sheep
response from chat: Schaf
processing word: cup
response from chat: Tasse
processing word: salad
response from chat: Wortsalat
processing word: cloud
response from chat: Wortwolke
processing word: ask
response from chat: Fragen
processing word: bean
response from chat: Bohne
processing word: swim
response from chat: Schwimmen
processing word: colour
response from chat: Farbe
processing word: sock
response from chat: Socke
processing word: beach
response from chat: Strand
processing word: clock
response from chat: Uhr
processing word: tank
response from chat: Panzer
processing word: app
response from chat: App
processing word: train
response from chat: Zug
processing word: bicycle
response from chat: Fahrrad
processing word: duck
response from chat: Ente
processing word: fifty
response from chat: Fünfzig
processing word: uncle
response from chat: Onkel
processing word: frog
response from chat: Frosch
processing word: fruit
response from chat: Frucht
processing word: dish
response from chat: Gericht
processing word: neighbor
response from chat: Nachbar
processing word: floor
response from chat: Boden
processing word: fork
response from chat: Gabel
processing word: snake
response from chat: Schlange
processing word: forty
response from chat: Vierzig
processing word: ear
response from chat: Ohr
processing word: taxi
response from chat: Taxi
processing word: guitar
response from chat: Gitarre
processing word: headphone
response from chat: Kopfhörer
processing word: minus
response from chat: Minus
processing word: state
response from chat: Zustand
processing word: health
response from chat: Gesundheit
processing word: use
response from chat: Verwenden
processing word: product
response from chat: Produkt
processing word: should
response from chat: sollte
processing word: post
response from chat: Post
processing word: such
response from chat: solch
processing word: message
response from chat: Nachricht
processing word: public
response from chat: Öffentlich
processing word: document
response from chat: I'm sorry, but I can't translate a Word document directly. However, if you provide the text you need translated, I can help translate it into German.
processing word: camera
response from chat: Kamera
processing word: deal
response from chat: Abkommen
processing word: form
response from chat: Wortform
processing word: want
response from chat: wollen
processing word: ready
response from chat: Bereit
processing word: feed
response from chat: Füttern
processing word: museum
response from chat: Museum
processing word: photograph
response from chat: Fotografie
processing word: wave
response from chat: Welle
processing word: camel
response from chat: Kamel
processing word: sauce
response from chat: Soße
processing word: automobile
response from chat: Automobil
processing word: painting
response from chat: Wortmalerei
processing word: afraid
response from chat: Angst
processing word: railway
response from chat: Eisenbahn
processing word: mistake
response from chat: Fehler
processing word: sunglass
response from chat: Sonnenbrille
processing word: screen
response from chat: Bildschirm
processing word: stadium
response from chat: Stadion
processing word: nurse
response from chat: Krankenschwester
processing word: grow
response from chat: Wachsen
processing word: builder
response from chat: Baumeister
processing word: tie
response from chat: Krawatte
processing word: tablet
response from chat: Tablette
processing word: tail
response from chat: Schwanz
processing word: lawn
response from chat: Rasen
processing word: underwear
response from chat: Unterwäsche
processing word: ceiling
response from chat: Decke
processing word: anybody
response from chat: Jemand
processing word: sing
response from chat: Singen
processing word: exercise
response from chat: Übung
processing word: stay
response from chat: Bleiben
processing word: watch
response from chat: Uhr
processing word: wish
response from chat: Wunsch
processing word: breath
response from chat: Atem
processing word: candle
response from chat: Kerze
processing word: color
response from chat: Farbe
processing word: tale
response from chat: Erzählung
processing word: vitamin
response from chat: Vitamin
processing word: panty
response from chat: Slip
processing word: coin
response from chat: Münze
processing word: soldier
response from chat: Soldat
processing word: bomb
response from chat: Bombe
processing word: mirror
response from chat: Spiegel
processing word: brush
response from chat: Pinsel
processing word: deer
response from chat: Hirsch
processing word: tongue
response from chat: Zunge
processing word: honey
response from chat: Honig
processing word: drawing
response from chat: Zeichnung
processing word: oven
response from chat: Ofen
processing word: sixth
response from chat: Sechste
processing word: laugh
response from chat: Lachen
processing word: cloth
response from chat: Stoff
processing word: stamp
response from chat: Stempel
processing word: weapon
response from chat: Waffe
processing word: luggage
response from chat: Gepäck
processing word: tape
response from chat: Band
processing word: race
response from chat: Rennen
processing word: travel
response from chat: Reise
processing word: talk
response from chat: Sprechen
processing word: musician
response from chat: Musiker
processing word: theater
response from chat: Theater
processing word: hope
response from chat: Hoffnung
processing word: spider
response from chat: Spinne
processing word: pair
response from chat: Wortpaar
processing word: greeting
response from chat: Begrüßung
processing word: olive
response from chat: Olive
processing word: tear
response from chat: Träne
processing word: angry
response from chat: Wütend
processing word: pond
response from chat: Teich
processing word: roll
response from chat: Rolle
processing word: tire
response from chat: Reifen
processing word: passport
response from chat: Reisepass
processing word: scale
response from chat: Skala
processing word: laundry
response from chat: Wäscherei
processing word: nail
response from chat: Nagel
processing word: joke
response from chat: Witz
processing word: bench
response from chat: Bank
processing word: pad
response from chat: Block
processing word: wine
response from chat: Wein
processing word: relax
response from chat: Entspannen
processing word: path
response from chat: Pfad
processing word: bubble
response from chat: Sprechblase
processing word: cheap
response from chat: Billig
processing word: sticker
response from chat: Aufkleber
processing word: forest
response from chat: Wald
processing word: concert
response from chat: Konzert
processing word: male
response from chat: Männlich
processing word: base
response from chat: Basis
processing word: loud
response from chat: Laut
processing word: rat
response from chat: Ratte
processing word: airport
response from chat: Flughafen
processing word: folder
response from chat: Ordner
processing word: female
response from chat: Weiblich
processing word: pray
response from chat: Beten
processing word: drum
response from chat: Trommel
processing word: chick
response from chat: Küken
processing word: knee
response from chat: Knie
processing word: fast
response from chat: Schnell
processing word: traveler
response from chat: Reisender
processing word: rarely
response from chat: Selten
processing word: festival
response from chat: Festival
processing word: menu
response from chat: Menü
processing word: costume
response from chat: Kostüm
processing word: hobby
response from chat: Hobby
processing word: try
response from chat: Versuchen
processing word: wash
response from chat: Waschen
processing word: dirt
response from chat: Dreck
processing word: drop
response from chat: Tropfen
processing word: butterfly
response from chat: Schmetterling
processing word: sink
response from chat: Waschbecken
processing word: brick
response from chat: Ziegelstein
processing word: bridge
response from chat: Brücke
processing word: log
response from chat: Protokoll
processing word: twin
response from chat: Zwilling
processing word: triangle
response from chat: Dreieck
processing word: tray
response from chat: Tablett
processing word: keyboard
response from chat: Tastatur
processing word: cave
response from chat: Höhle
processing word: wool
response from chat: Wolle
processing word: volleyball
response from chat: Volleyball
processing word: bookmark
response from chat: Lesezeichen
processing word: berry
response from chat: Beere
processing word: mobile
response from chat: Mobilgerät
processing word: reply
response from chat: Antwort
processing word: send
response from chat: Senden
processing word: rocket
response from chat: Rakete
processing word: tube
response from chat: Rohr
processing word: hammer
response from chat: Hammer
processing word: row
response from chat: Reihe
processing word: mail
response from chat: Post
processing word: belly
response from chat: Bauch
processing word: passenger
response from chat: Passagier
processing word: stomach
response from chat: Magen
processing word: cube
response from chat: Würfel
processing word: rug
response from chat: Teppich
processing word: new
response from chat: Neu
processing word: oval
response from chat: Oval
processing word: trash
response from chat: Müll
processing word: envelope
response from chat: Umschlag
processing word: cleaner
response from chat: Reiniger
processing word: cashier
response from chat: Kassierer
processing word: actress
response from chat: Schauspielerin
processing word: tiger
response from chat: Tiger
processing word: slide
response from chat: Rutsche
processing word: digit
response from chat: Ziffer
processing word: system
response from chat: System
processing word: policy
response from chat: Richtlinie
processing word: available
response from chat: Verfügbar
processing word: support
response from chat: Unterstützung
processing word: software
response from chat: Software
processing word: right
response from chat: Recht
processing word: through
response from chat: durch
processing word: communication
response from chat: Kommunikation
processing word: purpose
response from chat: Zweck
processing word: feature
response from chat: Merkmal
processing word: independent
response from chat: Unabhängig
processing word: approach
response from chat: Ansatz
processing word: physics
response from chat: Physik
processing word: medicine
response from chat: Medizin
processing word: hold
response from chat: Halten
processing word: rating
response from chat: Bewertung
processing word: develop
response from chat: Entwickeln
processing word: unique
response from chat: Einzigartig
processing word: survey
response from chat: Umfrage
processing word: source
response from chat: Quelle
processing word: population
response from chat: Bevölkerung
processing word: regular
response from chat: Regulär
processing word: secure
response from chat: Sicher
processing word: navigation
response from chat: Navigation
processing word: operation
response from chat: Operation
processing word: therefore
response from chat: Deshalb
processing word: recycling
response from chat: Recycling
processing word: hang
response from chat: Hängen
processing word: creator
response from chat: Schöpfer
processing word: amber
response from chat: Bernstein
processing word: code
response from chat: Code
processing word: tracker
response from chat: Tracker
processing word: passage
response from chat: Durchgang
processing word: transfer
response from chat: Übertragung
processing word: trunk
response from chat: Kofferraum
processing word: hiking
response from chat: Wandern
processing word: headset
response from chat: Kopfhörer
processing word: wrestling
response from chat: Ringen
processing word: gather
processing word: just
response from chat: nur
processing word: over
response from chat: über
processing word: year
response from chat: Jahr
processing word: world
response from chat: Welt
processing word: next
response from chat: Nächste
processing word: work
response from chat: Arbeit
processing word: last
response from chat: Letzte
processing word: music
response from chat: Musik
processing word: make
response from chat: Machen
processing word: city
response from chat: Stadt
processing word: number
response from chat: Nummer
processing word: after
response from chat: Nach
processing word: then
response from chat: dann
processing word: good
response from chat: Gut
processing word: well
response from chat: Gut
processing word: where
response from chat: Wo
processing word: book
response from chat: Buch
processing word: high
response from chat: Hoch
processing word: school
response from chat: Schule
processing word: each
response from chat: Jede
processing word: everyone
response from chat: Jeder
processing word: police
response from chat: Polizei
processing word: brown
response from chat: Braun
processing word: hill
response from chat: Hügel
processing word: map
response from chat: Karte
processing word: glass
response from chat: Glas
processing word: happy
response from chat: Glücklich
processing word: thank
response from chat: Danke
processing word: telephone
response from chat: Telefon
processing word: sport
response from chat: Sport
processing word: animal
response from chat: Tier
processing word: lamp
response from chat: Lampe
processing word: juice
response from chat: Saft
processing word: walk
response from chat: gehen
processing word: egg
response from chat: Ei
processing word: min
response from chat: Minute
processing word: corn
response from chat: Mais
processing word: farmer
response from chat: Bauer
processing word: soup
response from chat: Wortsuppe
processing word: nose
response from chat: Nase
processing word: cent
response from chat: Cent
processing word: sees
response from chat: sieht
processing word: sister
response from chat: Schwester
processing word: monkey
response from chat: Affe
processing word: skirt
response from chat: Rock
processing word: weekend
response from chat: Wochenende
processing word: noon
response from chat: Mittag
processing word: farm
response from chat: Bauernhof
processing word: tooth
response from chat: Zahn
processing word: like
response from chat: mögen
processing word: butter
response from chat: Butter
processing word: pepper
response from chat: Pfeffer
processing word: autumn
response from chat: Herbst
processing word: toilet
response from chat: Toilette
processing word: jacket
response from chat: Jacke
processing word: pay
response from chat: Bezahlen
processing word: finger
response from chat: Finger
processing word: mother
response from chat: Mutter
processing word: mom
response from chat: Mama
processing word: lip
response from chat: Lippe
processing word: rabbit
response from chat: Kaninchen
processing word: homework
response from chat: Hausaufgaben
processing word: stop
response from chat: Stopp
processing word: vegetable
response from chat: Gemüse
processing word: lemon
response from chat: Zitrone
processing word: sheep
response from chat: Schaf
processing word: cup
response from chat: Tasse
processing word: salad
response from chat: Wortsalat
processing word: cloud
response from chat: Wortwolke
processing word: ask
response from chat: Fragen
processing word: bean
response from chat: Bohne
processing word: swim
response from chat: Schwimmen
processing word: colour
response from chat: Farbe
processing word: sock
response from chat: Socke
processing word: beach
response from chat: Strand
processing word: clock
response from chat: Uhr
processing word: tank
response from chat: Panzer
processing word: app
response from chat: App
processing word: train
response from chat: Zug
processing word: bicycle
response from chat: Fahrrad
processing word: duck
response from chat: Ente
processing word: fifty
response from chat: Fünfzig
processing word: uncle
response from chat: Onkel
processing word: frog
response from chat: Frosch
processing word: fruit
response from chat: Frucht
processing word: dish
response from chat: Gericht
processing word: neighbor
response from chat: Nachbar
processing word: floor
response from chat: Boden
processing word: fork
response from chat: Gabel
processing word: snake
response from chat: Schlange
processing word: forty
response from chat: Vierzig
processing word: ear
response from chat: Ohr
processing word: taxi
response from chat: Taxi
processing word: guitar
response from chat: Gitarre
processing word: headphone
response from chat: Kopfhörer
processing word: minus
response from chat: Minus
processing word: state
response from chat: Zustand
processing word: health
response from chat: Gesundheit
processing word: use
response from chat: Verwenden
processing word: product
response from chat: Produkt
processing word: should
response from chat: sollte
processing word: post
response from chat: Post
processing word: such
response from chat: solch
processing word: message
response from chat: Nachricht
processing word: public
response from chat: Öffentlich
processing word: document
response from chat: I'm sorry, but I can't directly translate documents. However, if you provide the text you need translated, I can help translate it into German.
processing word: camera
response from chat: Kamera
processing word: deal
response from chat: Abkommen
processing word: form
response from chat: Wortform
processing word: want
response from chat: Wollen
processing word: ready
response from chat: Bereit
processing word: feed
response from chat: Füttern
processing word: museum
response from chat: Museum
processing word: photograph
response from chat: Fotografie
processing word: wave
response from chat: Welle
processing word: camel
response from chat: Kamel
processing word: sauce
response from chat: Soße
processing word: automobile
response from chat: Automobil
processing word: painting
response from chat: Wortmalerei
processing word: afraid
response from chat: Angst
processing word: railway
response from chat: Eisenbahn
processing word: mistake
response from chat: Fehler
processing word: sunglass
response from chat: Sonnenbrille
processing word: screen
response from chat: Bildschirm
processing word: stadium
response from chat: Stadion
processing word: nurse
response from chat: Krankenschwester
processing word: grow
response from chat: Wachsen
processing word: builder
response from chat: Baumeister
processing word: tie
response from chat: Krawatte
processing word: tablet
response from chat: Tablette
processing word: tail
response from chat: Schwanz
processing word: lawn
response from chat: Rasen
processing word: underwear
response from chat: Unterwäsche
processing word: ceiling
response from chat: Decke
processing word: anybody
response from chat: Irgendjemand
processing word: sing
response from chat: Singen
processing word: exercise
response from chat: Übung
processing word: watch
response from chat: Uhr
processing word: wish
response from chat: Wunsch
processing word: breath
response from chat: Atem
processing word: candle
response from chat: Kerze
processing word: tale
response from chat: Erzählung
processing word: vitamin
response from chat: Vitamin
processing word: panty
response from chat: Slip
processing word: coin
response from chat: Münze
processing word: soldier
response from chat: Soldat
processing word: bomb
response from chat: Bombe
processing word: mirror
response from chat: Spiegel
processing word: brush
response from chat: Pinsel
processing word: deer
response from chat: Hirsch
processing word: tongue
response from chat: Zunge
processing word: honey
response from chat: Honig
processing word: drawing
response from chat: Zeichnung
processing word: oven
response from chat: Ofen
processing word: sixth
response from chat: Sechste
processing word: laugh
response from chat: Lachen
processing word: cloth
response from chat: Stoff
processing word: stamp
response from chat: Stempel
processing word: weapon
response from chat: Waffe
processing word: luggage
response from chat: Gepäck
processing word: tape
response from chat: Band
processing word: race
response from chat: Rennen
processing word: travel
response from chat: Reise
processing word: talk
response from chat: Sprechen
processing word: musician
response from chat: Musiker
processing word: theater
response from chat: Theater
processing word: hope
response from chat: Hoffnung
processing word: spider
response from chat: Spinne
processing word: pair
response from chat: Wortpaar
processing word: greeting
response from chat: Begrüßung
processing word: olive
response from chat: Olive
processing word: tear
response from chat: Träne
processing word: angry
response from chat: Wütend
processing word: pond
response from chat: Teich
processing word: roll
response from chat: Rolle
processing word: tire
response from chat: Reifen
processing word: passport
response from chat: Reisepass
processing word: scale
response from chat: Skala
processing word: laundry
response from chat: Wäscherei
processing word: nail
response from chat: Nagel
processing word: joke
response from chat: Witz
processing word: bench
response from chat: Bank
processing word: pad
response from chat: Block
processing word: wine
response from chat: Wein
processing word: relax
response from chat: Entspannen
processing word: path
response from chat: Pfad
processing word: bubble
response from chat: Sprechblase
processing word: cheap
response from chat: Billig
processing word: sticker
response from chat: Aufkleber
processing word: forest
response from chat: Wald
processing word: concert
response from chat: Konzert
processing word: male
response from chat: Männlich
processing word: base
response from chat: Basis
processing word: loud
response from chat: Laut
processing word: rat
response from chat: Ratte
processing word: airport
response from chat: Flughafen
processing word: folder
response from chat: Ordner
processing word: female
response from chat: Weiblich
processing word: pray
response from chat: Beten
processing word: drum
response from chat: Trommel
processing word: chick
response from chat: Küken
processing word: knee
response from chat: Knie
processing word: fast
response from chat: Schnell
processing word: traveler
response from chat: Reisender
processing word: rarely
response from chat: Selten
processing word: festival
response from chat: Festival
processing word: menu
response from chat: Menü
processing word: costume
response from chat: Kostüm
processing word: hobby
response from chat: Hobby
processing word: try
response from chat: Versuchen
processing word: wash
response from chat: Waschen
processing word: dirt
response from chat: Dreck
processing word: drop
response from chat: Tropfen
processing word: butterfly
response from chat: Schmetterling
processing word: sink
response from chat: Waschbecken
processing word: brick
response from chat: Ziegelstein
processing word: bridge
response from chat: Brücke
processing word: log
response from chat: Protokoll
processing word: twin
response from chat: Zwilling
processing word: triangle
response from chat: Dreieck
processing word: tray
response from chat: Tablett
processing word: keyboard
response from chat: Tastatur
processing word: cave
response from chat: Höhle
processing word: wool
response from chat: Wolle
processing word: volleyball
response from chat: Volleyball
processing word: bookmark
response from chat: Lesezeichen
processing word: berry
response from chat: Beere
processing word: mobile
response from chat: Mobilgerät
processing word: reply
response from chat: Antwort
processing word: send
response from chat: Senden
processing word: rocket
response from chat: Rakete
processing word: tube
response from chat: Rohr
processing word: hammer
response from chat: Hammer
processing word: row
response from chat: Reihe
processing word: belly
response from chat: Bauch
processing word: passenger
response from chat: Passagier
processing word: stomach
response from chat: Magen
processing word: cube
response from chat: Würfel
processing word: rug
response from chat: Teppich
processing word: new
response from chat: Neu
processing word: oval
response from chat: Oval
processing word: trash
response from chat: Müll
processing word: envelope
response from chat: Umschlag
processing word: cleaner
response from chat: Reiniger
processing word: cashier
response from chat: Kassierer
processing word: actress
response from chat: Schauspielerin
processing word: tiger
response from chat: Tiger
processing word: slide
response from chat: Rutsche
processing word: digit
response from chat: Ziffer
processing word: system
response from chat: System
processing word: policy
response from chat: Richtlinie
processing word: available
response from chat: Verfügbar
processing word: support
response from chat: Unterstützung
processing word: software
response from chat: Software
processing word: right
response from chat: Recht
processing word: through
response from chat: durch
processing word: communication
response from chat: Kommunikation
processing word: purpose
response from chat: Zweck
processing word: feature
response from chat: Merkmal
processing word: independent
response from chat: Unabhängig
processing word: approach
response from chat: Ansatz
processing word: physics
response from chat: Physik
processing word: medicine
response from chat: Medizin
processing word: hold
response from chat: Halten
processing word: rating
response from chat: Bewertung
processing word: develop
response from chat: Entwickeln
processing word: unique
response from chat: Einzigartig
processing word: survey
response from chat: Umfrage
processing word: source
response from chat: Quelle
processing word: population
response from chat: Bevölkerung
processing word: regular
response from chat: Regulär
processing word: secure
response from chat: Sicher
processing word: navigation
response from chat: Navigation
processing word: operation
response from chat: Operation
processing word: therefore
response from chat: Deshalb
processing word: recycling
response from chat: Recycling
processing word: hang
response from chat: Hängen
processing word: creator
response from chat: Schöpfer
processing word: amber
response from chat: Bernstein
processing word: code
response from chat: Code
processing word: tracker
response from chat: Tracker
processing word: passage
response from chat: Durchgang
processing word: transfer
response from chat: Übertragung
processing word: trunk
response from chat: Kofferraum
processing word: hiking
response from chat: Wandern
processing word: headset
response from chat: Kopfhörer
processing word: wrestling
response from chat: Ringen
processing word: gather
response from chat: Sammeln
processing word: mathematics
response from chat: Mathematik
processing word: logic
response from chat: Logik
processing word: fame
response from chat: Ruhm
processing word: accommodation
response from chat: Unterkunft
processing word: northeast
response from chat: Nordosten
processing word: download
response from chat: Herunterladen
processing word: judge
response from chat: Richter
processing word: remark
response from chat: Bemerkung
processing word: detect
response from chat: Erkennen
processing word: decade
response from chat: Jahrzehnt
processing word: bracelet
response from chat: Armband
processing word: injection
response from chat: Injektion
processing word: cassette
response from chat: Kassette
processing word: initial
response from chat: Anfang
processing word: point
response from chat: Punkt
processing word: lock
response from chat: Schloss
processing word: mineral
response from chat: Mineral
processing word: steer
response from chat: Lenken
processing word: bead
response from chat: Perle
processing word: fortune
response from chat: Vermögen
processing word: canvas
response from chat: Leinwand
processing word: claim
response from chat: Anspruch
processing word: cemetery
response from chat: Friedhof
processing word: planner
response from chat: Planer
processing word: flow
response from chat: Fluss
processing word: coupon
response from chat: Gutschein
processing word: astronomy
response from chat: Astronomie
processing word: contest
response from chat: Wettbewerb
processing word: announce
response from chat: Ankündigen
processing word: vote
response from chat: Abstimmung
processing word: adjust
response from chat: Anpassen
processing word: tune
response from chat: Melodie
processing word: pull
response from chat: Zug
processing word: season
response from chat: Jahreszeit
processing word: counter
response from chat: Wortzähler
processing word: perfect
response from chat: Perfekt
processing word: slave
response from chat: Sklave
processing word: instantly
response from chat: Sofort
processing word: culture
response from chat: Kultur
processing word: examine
response from chat: Untersuchen
processing word: paint
response from chat: Farbe
processing word: broadcasting
response from chat: Rundfunk
processing word: horizontal
response from chat: Horizontal
processing word: artwork
response from chat: Kunstwerk
processing word: result
response from chat: Ergebnis
processing word: portrait
response from chat: Porträt
processing word: carrier
response from chat: Träger
processing word: scheme
response from chat: Schema
processing word: suffering
response from chat: Leiden
processing word: neutral
response from chat: Neutral
processing word: bedding
response from chat: Bettwäsche
processing word: join
response from chat: Verbinden
processing word: head
response from chat: Kopf
processing word: equal
response from chat: gleich
processing word: senior
response from chat: Senior
processing word: guilty
response from chat: Schuldig
processing word: natural
response from chat: Natürlich
processing word: jury
response from chat: Jury
processing word: subscriber
response from chat: Abonnent
processing word: charm
response from chat: Charme
processing word: basin
response from chat: Becken
processing word: crossing
response from chat: Kreuzung
processing word: cottage
response from chat: Hütte
processing word: drunk
response from chat: Betrunken
processing word: crime
response from chat: Verbrechen
processing word: branch
response from chat: Zweig
processing word: anymore
response from chat: mehr
processing word: alien
response from chat: Außerirdischer
processing word: select
response from chat: Auswählen
processing word: processor
response from chat: Textverarbeitung
processing word: pantyhose
response from chat: Strumpfhose
processing word: difficulty
response from chat: Schwierigkeit
processing word: constantly
response from chat: Ständig
processing word: browse
response from chat: Durchsuchen
processing word: territory
response from chat: Gebiet
processing word: nylon
response from chat: Nylon
processing word: disc
response from chat: Scheibe
processing word: frequent
response from chat: Häufig
processing word: trim
response from chat: Trimmen
processing word: pixel
response from chat: Pixel
processing word: diamond
response from chat: Diamant
processing word: fleet
response from chat: Flotte
processing word: bunch
response from chat: Bündel
processing word: total
response from chat: Gesamt
processing word: afford
response from chat: leisten
processing word: quit
response from chat: Beenden
processing word: lung
response from chat: Lunge
processing word: highlight
response from chat: Hervorhebung
processing word: substitute
response from chat: Ersatz
processing word: assignment
response from chat: Zuordnung
processing word: manual
response from chat: Handbuch
processing word: grill
response from chat: Grill
processing word: grain
response from chat: Korn
processing word: bull
response from chat: Bulle
processing word: depend
response from chat: Abhängen
processing word: differ
response from chat: unterscheiden
processing word: movement
response from chat: Bewegung
processing word: repair
response from chat: Reparatur
processing word: amenity
response from chat: Annehmlichkeit
processing word: projector
response from chat: Projektor
processing word: situate
response from chat: Platzieren
processing word: seek
response from chat: Suchen
processing word: love
response from chat: Liebe
processing word: surprised
response from chat: Überrascht
processing word: elegant
response from chat: Elegant
processing word: gain
response from chat: Gewinn
processing word: spot
response from chat: Fleck
processing word: hacker
response from chat: Hacker
processing word: similar
response from chat: Ähnlich
processing word: fake
response from chat: Fälschung
processing word: salon
response from chat: Salon
processing word: exclude
response from chat: Ausschließen
processing word: voter
response from chat: Wähler
processing word: cure
response from chat: Heilung
processing word: commander
response from chat: Kommandant
processing word: arch
response from chat: Bogen
processing word: think
response from chat: Denken
processing word: suggestion
response from chat: Wortvorschlag
processing word: harm
response from chat: Schaden
processing word: interval
response from chat: Intervall
processing word: spotlight
response from chat: Scheinwerferlicht
processing word: trick
response from chat: Trick
processing word: reset
response from chat: Zurücksetzen
processing word: panel
response from chat: Tafel
processing word: repeat
response from chat: Wiederholen
processing word: connect
response from chat: Verbinden
processing word: spare
response from chat: Ersatz
processing word: invest
response from chat: Investieren
processing word: lover
response from chat: Liebhaber
processing word: essential
response from chat: Wesentlich
processing word: junction
response from chat: Kreuzung
processing word: face
response from chat: Gesicht
processing word: solve
response from chat: Lösen
processing word: transmit
response from chat: Übertragen
processing word: screenshot
response from chat: Bildschirmfoto
processing word: chain
response from chat: Wortkette
processing word: engage
response from chat: Engagieren
processing word: switch
response from chat: Schalter
processing word: adapter
response from chat: Adapter
processing word: import
response from chat: Import
processing word: cheat
response from chat: Betrug
processing word: bronze
response from chat: Bronze
processing word: suspect
response from chat: Verdächtiger
processing word: celebrity
response from chat: Prominente
processing word: filter
response from chat: Filter
processing word: spouse
response from chat: Ehepartner
processing word: viewer
response from chat: Betrachter
processing word: threat
response from chat: Bedrohung
processing word: puzzle
response from chat: Worträtsel
processing word: reach
response from chat: Erreichen
processing word: damage
response from chat: Schaden
processing word: destroy
response from chat: Zerstören
processing word: prove
response from chat: Beweisen
processing word: dozen
response from chat: Dutzend
processing word: study
response from chat: Studie
processing word: colleague
response from chat: Kollege
processing word: salmon
response from chat: Lachs
processing word: separate
response from chat: Trennen
processing word: cargo
response from chat: Fracht
processing word: mate
response from chat: Kumpel
processing word: starter
response from chat: Starter
processing word: upgrade
response from chat: Aktualisierung
processing word: chef
response from chat: Koch
processing word: zone
response from chat: Zone
processing word: stylish
response from chat: Stilvoll
processing word: slim
response from chat: Schlank
processing word: maple
response from chat: Ahorn
processing word: grocery
response from chat: Lebensmittelgeschäft
processing word: retailer
response from chat: Einzelhändler
processing word: depot
response from chat: Depot
processing word: blend
response from chat: Mischung
processing word: occasionally
response from chat: Gelegentlich
processing word: attend
response from chat: Teilnehmen
processing word: permission
response from chat: Erlaubnis
processing word: route
response from chat: Route
processing word: pack
response from chat: Paket
processing word: excite
response from chat: Begeistern
processing word: tie
response from chat: Krawatte
processing word: balance
response from chat: Gleichgewicht
processing word: delay
response from chat: Verzögerung
processing word: calculation
response from chat: Berechnung
processing word: villa
response from chat: Villa
processing word: occasion
response from chat: Gelegenheit
processing word: brook
response from chat: Bach
processing word: equation
response from chat: Wortgleichung
processing word: ceramic
response from chat: Keramik
processing word: annual
response from chat: Jährlich
processing word: scanner
response from chat: Scanner
processing word: ebook
response from chat: E-Book
processing word: deliver
response from chat: Liefern
processing word: necklace
response from chat: Halskette
processing word: cedar
response from chat: Zeder
processing word: arrange
response from chat: Anordnen
processing word: fold
response from chat: Falten
processing word: design
response from chat: Design
processing word: diagram
response from chat: Diagramm
processing word: pump
response from chat: Pumpe
processing word: footwear
response from chat: Schuhe
processing word: attach
response from chat: Befestigen
processing word: license
response from chat: Lizenz
processing word: remove
response from chat: Entfernen
processing word: advise
response from chat: Beraten
processing word: range
response from chat: Bereich
processing word: trail
response from chat: Spur
processing word: isolated
response from chat: Isoliert
processing word: assist
response from chat: Hilfe
processing word: approve
response from chat: Genehmigen
processing word: dialog
response from chat: Dialog
processing word: venue
response from chat: Veranstaltungsort
processing word: blast
response from chat: Explosion
processing word: calcium
response from chat: Kalzium
processing word: antivirus
response from chat: Antivirusprogramm
processing word: address
response from chat: Adresse
processing word: pole
response from chat: Stange
processing word: discount
response from chat: Rabatt
processing word: shield
response from chat: Schild
processing word: harvest
response from chat: Ernte
processing word: preview
response from chat: Vorschau
processing word: local
response from chat: Lokal
processing word: demonstration
response from chat: Demonstration
processing word: manufacture
response from chat: Herstellung
processing word: graduation
response from chat: Abschluss
processing word: bend
response from chat: Biegen
processing word: sailing
response from chat: Segeln
processing word: refuse
response from chat: Ablehnen
processing word: brake
response from chat: Bremse
processing word: ecology
response from chat: Ökologie
processing word: unemployment
response from chat: Arbeitslosigkeit
processing word: score
response from chat: Punktzahl
processing word: relay
response from chat: Staffel
processing word: performance
response from chat: Leistung
processing word: oasis
response from chat: Oase
processing word: society
response from chat: Gesellschaft
processing word: compete
response from chat: Konkurrenz
processing word: belong
response from chat: Gehören
processing word: exchange
response from chat: Austausch
processing word: wonder
response from chat: Wunder
processing word: ferry
response from chat: Fähre
processing word: profession
response from chat: Beruf
processing word: participant
response from chat: Teilnehmer
processing word: scholarship
response from chat: Stipendium
processing word: friendship
response from chat: Freundschaft
processing word: motel
response from chat: Motel
processing word: occupy
response from chat: Besetzen
processing word: sunshine
response from chat: Sonnenschein
processing word: drag
response from chat: Ziehen
processing word: ceremony
response from chat: Zeremonie
processing word: somehow
response from chat: Irgendwie
processing word: arrest
response from chat: Festnahme
processing word: expand
response from chat: Erweitern
processing word: ripe
response from chat: Reif
processing word: rely
response from chat: Verlassen
processing word: medication
response from chat: Medikament
processing word: die
response from chat: sterben
processing word: stuck
response from chat: Festgeklebt
processing word: place
response from chat: Platz
processing word: filling
response from chat: Füllung
processing word: silence
response from chat: Stille
processing word: focus
response from chat: Fokus
processing word: laboratory
response from chat: Laboratorium
processing word: trainer
response from chat: Trainer
processing word: organ
response from chat: Organ
processing word: strong
response from chat: Stark
processing word: volume
response from chat: Volumen
processing word: advance
response from chat: Vorauszahlung
processing word: toxic
response from chat: Toxisch
processing word: darkness
response from chat: Dunkelheit
processing word: stocking
response from chat: Strumpf
processing word: reject
response from chat: Ablehnen
processing word: satisfy
response from chat: Befriedigen
processing word: shelter
response from chat: Unterkunft
processing word: layer
response from chat: Schicht
processing word: celebrate
response from chat: feiern
processing word: appliance
response from chat: Gerät
processing word: radius
response from chat: Radius
processing word: log
response from chat: Protokoll
processing word: border
response from chat: Grenze
processing word: butt
response from chat: Hintern
processing word: inn
response from chat: Gasthaus
processing word: impressive
response from chat: Beeindruckend
processing word: accord
response from chat: Übereinkommen
processing word: architect
response from chat: Architekt
processing word: lecture
response from chat: Vorlesung
processing word: nursery
response from chat: Kindergarten
processing word: hard
response from chat: Hart
processing word: microwave
response from chat: Mikrowelle
processing word: accident
response from chat: Unfall
processing word: tender
response from chat: Zart
processing word: foam
response from chat: Schaum
processing word: temperature
response from chat: Temperatur
processing word: paste
response from chat: Einfügen
processing word: competition
response from chat: Wettbewerb
processing word: poem
response from chat: Gedicht
processing word: stay
response from chat: Bleiben
processing word: cosmetic
response from chat: Kosmetik
processing word: theory
response from chat: Theorie
processing word: veteran
response from chat: Veteran
processing word: landing
response from chat: Landung
processing word: sign
response from chat: Zeichen
processing word: negotiation
response from chat: Verhandlung
processing word: generate
response from chat: Erzeugen
processing word: composer
response from chat: Komponist
processing word: sword
response from chat: Schwert
processing word: absent
response from chat: Abwesend
processing word: hope
response from chat: Hoffnung
processing word: access
response from chat: Zugang
processing word: spirit
response from chat: Geist
processing word: modification
response from chat: Änderung
processing word: coral
response from chat: Koralle
processing word: acid
response from chat: Säure
processing word: virus
response from chat: Virus
processing word: admit
response from chat: zugeben
processing word: dairy
response from chat: Molkerei
processing word: fancy
response from chat: Schick
processing word: equality
response from chat: Gleichheit
processing word: exception
response from chat: Ausnahme
processing word: reaction
response from chat: Reaktion
processing word: belief
response from chat: Glaube
processing word: companion
response from chat: Begleiter
processing word: squad
response from chat: Mannschaft
processing word: analyze
response from chat: Analysieren
processing word: scroll
response from chat: Rolle
processing word: relate
response from chat: Beziehen
processing word: division
response from chat: Teilung
processing word: wage
response from chat: Lohn
processing word: additional
response from chat: Zusätzlich
processing word: suffer
response from chat: leiden
processing word: tunnel
response from chat: Tunnel
processing word: genre
response from chat: Genre
processing word: copyright
response from chat: Urheberrecht
processing word: wheat
response from chat: Weizen
processing word: beaver
response from chat: Biber
processing word: distribute
response from chat: Verteilen
processing word: reading
response from chat: Lesen
processing word: decorate
response from chat: Dekorieren
processing word: confuse
response from chat: Verwirren
processing word: campaign
response from chat: Kampagne
processing word: unity
response from chat: Einheit
processing word: bride
response from chat: Braut
processing word: define
response from chat: definieren
processing word: begin
response from chat: Beginnen
processing word: brunette
response from chat: Brünette
processing word: packet
response from chat: Paket
processing word: anchor
response from chat: Anker
processing word: parade
response from chat: Parade
processing word: dramatic
response from chat: Dramatisch
processing word: terrible
response from chat: Schrecklich
processing word: surface
response from chat: Oberfläche
processing word: pendant
response from chat: Anhänger
processing word: scientist
response from chat: Wissenschaftler
processing word: hire
response from chat: Mieten
processing word: reflect
response from chat: Reflektieren
processing word: fever
response from chat: Fieber
processing word: cuisine
response from chat: Küche
processing word: surely
response from chat: Sicherlich
processing word: bare
response from chat: Kahl
processing word: cattle
response from chat: Rinder
processing word: graduate
response from chat: Absolvent
processing word: recommend
response from chat: Empfehlen
processing word: treasure
response from chat: Schatz
processing word: flame
response from chat: Flamme
processing word: particle
response from chat: Teilchen
processing word: tile
response from chat: Fliese
processing word: indicate
response from chat: Anzeigen
processing word: spell
response from chat: Buchstabieren
processing word: hot
response from chat: Heiß
processing word: strike
response from chat: Streik
processing word: illustration
response from chat: Illustration
processing word: warning
response from chat: Warnung
processing word: curious
response from chat: Neugierig
processing word: cycle
response from chat: Zyklus
processing word: affect
response from chat: Beeinflussen
processing word: forecast
response from chat: Prognose
processing word: active
response from chat: Aktiv
processing word: complicate
response from chat: Komplizieren
processing word: butler
response from chat: Butler
processing word: injure
response from chat: verletzen
processing word: cookbook
response from chat: Kochbuch
processing word: expression
response from chat: Wortausdruck
processing word: courier
response from chat: Kurier
processing word: upload
response from chat: Hochladen
processing word: hint
response from chat: Hinweis
processing word: connector
response from chat: Verbinder
processing word: likely
response from chat: Wahrscheinlich
processing word: conflict
response from chat: Konflikt
processing word: beverage
response from chat: Getränk
processing word: barrier
response from chat: Barriere
processing word: infect
response from chat: Infizieren
processing word: argue
response from chat: Streiten
processing word: correct
response from chat: Korrekt
processing word: metal
response from chat: Metall
processing word: furnishing
response from chat: Einrichtung
processing word: let
response from chat: lassen
processing word: humidity
response from chat: Luftfeuchtigkeit
processing word: photographer
response from chat: Fotograf
processing word: infection
response from chat: Infektion
processing word: chess
response from chat: Schach
processing word: operate
response from chat: Bedienen
processing word: survive
response from chat: Überleben
processing word: possibility
response from chat: Möglichkeit
processing word: canal
response from chat: Kanal
processing word: herb
response from chat: Kraut
processing word: clinic
response from chat: Klinik
processing word: mission
response from chat: Mission
processing word: lie
response from chat: Lüge
processing word: strict
response from chat: Streng
processing word: dive
response from chat: Tauchen
processing word: drill
response from chat: Bohrer
processing word: protest
response from chat: Protest
processing word: invention
response from chat: Erfindung
processing word: technician
response from chat: Techniker
processing word: enquiry
response from chat: Anfrage
processing word: raid
response from chat: Überfall
processing word: timber
response from chat: Holz
processing word: shower
response from chat: Dusche
processing word: steady
response from chat: Stetig
processing word: predict
response from chat: Vorhersagen
processing word: wide
response from chat: Breit
processing word: enroll
response from chat: Einschreiben
processing word: sensor
response from chat: Sensor
processing word: screw
response from chat: Schraube
processing word: minister
response from chat: Minister
processing word: hour
response from chat: Stunde
processing word: blame
response from chat: Schuld
processing word: hand
response from chat: Hand
processing word: informal
response from chat: Umgangssprachlich
processing word: heavy
response from chat: Schwer
processing word: header
response from chat: Kopfzeile
processing word: count
response from chat: Wortanzahl
processing word: reflection
response from chat: Reflexion
processing word: accompany
response from chat: Begleiten
processing word: invitation
response from chat: Einladung
processing word: grip
response from chat: Griff
processing word: porcelain
response from chat: Porzellan
processing word: capture
response from chat: Erfassen
processing word: decent
response from chat: Anständig
processing word: short
response from chat: Kurz
processing word: pin
response from chat: Stift
processing word: warrior
response from chat: Krieger
processing word: diploma
response from chat: Diplom
processing word: cabin
response from chat: Kabine
processing word: scan
response from chat: Scannen
processing word: copy
response from chat: Kopieren
processing word: cordless
response from chat: Kabellos
processing word: horn
response from chat: Horn
processing word: fire
response from chat: Feuer
processing word: grammar
response from chat: Grammatik
processing word: disagree
response from chat: Widersprechen
processing word: episode
response from chat: Episode
processing word: anger
response from chat: Wut
processing word: chance
response from chat: Chance
processing word: interact
response from chat: Interagieren
processing word: snap
response from chat: Schnapp
processing word: happiness
response from chat: Glück
processing word: kiss
response from chat: Kuss
processing word: handy
response from chat: Praktisch
processing word: reduce
response from chat: Reduzieren
processing word: geometry
response from chat: Geometrie
processing word: impression
response from chat: Eindruck
processing word: flip
response from chat: Flippen
processing word: nervous
response from chat: Nervös
processing word: plumbing
response from chat: Klempnerei
processing word: tribe
response from chat: Stamm
processing word: trade
response from chat: Handel
processing word: buzz
response from chat: Summen
processing word: transparent
response from chat: Transparent
processing word: handle
response from chat: Griff
processing word: calm
response from chat: Ruhig
processing word: champion
response from chat: Meister
processing word: selection
response from chat: Auswahl
processing word: compare
response from chat: vergleichen
processing word: farming
response from chat: Landwirtschaft
processing word: roller
response from chat: Rolle
processing word: introduce
response from chat: Einführen
processing word: batch
response from chat: Stapel
processing word: appreciate
response from chat: Wertschätzen
processing word: edge
response from chat: Rand
processing word: mix
response from chat: Mischen
processing word: skill
response from chat: Fähigkeit
processing word: fit
response from chat: Fit
processing word: harmony
response from chat: Harmonie
processing word: asthma
response from chat: Asthma
processing word: reward
response from chat: Belohnung
processing word: complete
response from chat: Komplett
processing word: hydrogen
response from chat: Wasserstoff
processing word: sprint
response from chat: Sprint
processing word: chick
response from chat: Küken
processing word: input
response from chat: Eingabe
processing word: medal
response from chat: Medaille
processing word: paperback
response from chat: Taschenbuch
processing word: vessel
response from chat: Gefäß
processing word: harbour
response from chat: Hafen
processing word: art
response from chat: Wortkunst
processing word: booth
response from chat: Kabine
processing word: bone
response from chat: Knochen
processing word: breed
response from chat: Züchten
processing word: detector
response from chat: Detektor
processing word: ignore
response from chat: Ignorieren
processing word: polar
response from chat: Polar
processing word: notification
response from chat: Benachrichtigung
processing word: invoice
response from chat: Rechnung
processing word: embassy
response from chat: Botschaft
processing word: journalist
response from chat: Journalist
processing word: slight
response from chat: Leicht
processing word: foundation
response from chat: Stiftung
processing word: horizon
response from chat: Horizont
processing word: deep
response from chat: Tief
processing word: toolbox
response from chat: Werkzeugkasten
processing word: prize
response from chat: Preis
processing word: browser
response from chat: Browser
processing word: decrease
response from chat: Verringern
processing word: patio
response from chat: Terrasse
processing word: surfing
response from chat: Surfen
processing word: describe
response from chat: beschreiben
processing word: lightning
response from chat: Blitz
processing word: eye
response from chat: Auge
processing word: grab
response from chat: Greifen
processing word: inspector
response from chat: Inspektor
processing word: attract
response from chat: Anziehen
processing word: disable
response from chat: Deaktivieren
processing word: succeed
response from chat: Erfolgen
processing word: lend
response from chat: Leihen
processing word: reminder
response from chat: Erinnerung
processing word: search
response from chat: Wortsuche
processing word: riverside
response from chat: Flussufer
processing word: plain
response from chat: Eben
processing word: ability
response from chat: Fähigkeit
processing word: trap
response from chat: Falle
processing word: lonely
response from chat: Einsam
processing word: fool
response from chat: Narr
processing word: observe
response from chat: Beobachten
processing word: container
response from chat: Behälter
processing word: attitude
response from chat: Einstellung
processing word: exhibition
response from chat: Ausstellung
processing word: confident
response from chat: Zuversichtlich
processing word: exhibit
response from chat: Ausstellung
processing word: official
response from chat: Offiziell
processing word: terrace
response from chat: Terrasse
processing word: bacterium
response from chat: Bakterium
processing word: seafood
response from chat: Meeresfrüchte
processing word: novel
response from chat: Roman
processing word: delicious
response from chat: Lecker
processing word: tradition
response from chat: Tradition
processing word: jail
response from chat: Gefängnis
processing word: safe
response from chat: Sicher
processing word: kidney
response from chat: Niere
processing word: fix
response from chat: Reparieren
processing word: timer
response from chat: Timer
processing word: get
response from chat: Bekommen
processing word: educator
response from chat: Erzieher
processing word: verse
response from chat: Vers
processing word: humanity
response from chat: Menschlichkeit
processing word: scratch
response from chat: Kratzer
processing word: launch
response from chat: Start
processing word: competitor
response from chat: Konkurrent
processing word: bullet
response from chat: Kugel
processing word: tower
response from chat: Turm
processing word: rack
response from chat: Regal
processing word: lace
response from chat: Spitze
processing word: nasty
response from chat: Gemein
processing word: ugly
response from chat: Hässlich
processing word: deposit
response from chat: Einzahlung
processing word: encounter
response from chat: Begegnung
processing word: priest
response from chat: Priester
processing word: queue
response from chat: Warteschlange
processing word: witness
response from chat: Zeuge
processing word: runner
response from chat: Läufer
processing word: skin
response from chat: Haut
processing word: exam
response from chat: Prüfung
processing word: beneath
response from chat: Unter
processing word: strengthen
response from chat: Stärken
processing word: god
response from chat: Gott
processing word: advertisement
response from chat: Werbung
processing word: quarter
response from chat: Viertel
processing word: steal
response from chat: stehlen
processing word: sculpture
response from chat: Skulptur
processing word: fist
response from chat: Faust
processing word: motivation
response from chat: Motivation
processing word: blogger
response from chat: Blogger
processing word: agree
response from chat: Zustimmen
processing word: quantity
response from chat: Menge
processing word: punishment
response from chat: Bestrafung
processing word: gravity
response from chat: Schwerkraft
processing word: thumb
response from chat: Daumen
processing word: background
response from chat: Hintergrund
processing word: athlete
response from chat: Athlet
processing word: galaxy
response from chat: Galaxie
processing word: care
response from chat: Pflege
processing word: wear
response from chat: Tragen
processing word: twist
response from chat: Drehung
processing word: partial
response from chat: Teilweise
processing word: bury
response from chat: Begraben
processing word: rank
response from chat: Rang
processing word: generation
response from chat: Erzeugung
processing word: tournament
response from chat: Turnier
processing word: deny
response from chat: Verweigern
processing word: defect
response from chat: Defekt
processing word: marker
response from chat: Markierung
processing word: strength
response from chat: Stärke
processing word: encourage
response from chat: Ermutigen
processing word: furnish
response from chat: Einrichten
processing word: settle
response from chat: Regeln
processing word: terrorist
response from chat: Terrorist
processing word: comparison
response from chat: Vergleich
processing word: vaccine
response from chat: Impfstoff
processing word: fate
response from chat: Schicksal
processing word: promise
response from chat: Versprechen
processing word: booking
response from chat: Buchung
processing word: discuss
response from chat: Diskutieren
processing word: jungle
response from chat: Dschungel
processing word: prediction
response from chat: Wortvorhersage
processing word: battlefield
response from chat: Schlachtfeld
processing word: spice
response from chat: Gewürz
processing word: geography
response from chat: Geographie
processing word: championship
response from chat: Weltmeisterschaft
processing word: disco
response from chat: Disco
processing word: finish
response from chat: Fertigstellen
processing word: emotion
response from chat: Emotion
processing word: rotation
response from chat: Rotation
processing word: prevent
response from chat: Verhindern
processing word: productive
response from chat: Produktiv
processing word: boulevard
response from chat: Boulevard
processing word: imagination
response from chat: Vorstellungskraft
processing word: vary
response from chat: Variieren
processing word: close
response from chat: Nah
processing word: activate
response from chat: Aktivieren
processing word: assign
response from chat: Zuweisen
processing word: politician
response from chat: Politiker
processing word: shade
response from chat: Schatten
processing word: chorus
response from chat: Refrain
processing word: symphony
response from chat: Sinfonie
processing word: qualification
response from chat: Qualifikation
processing word: variation
response from chat: Variation
processing word: distributor
response from chat: Vertriebspartner
processing word: underlie
response from chat: zugrunde liegen
processing word: archive
response from chat: Archiv
processing word: projection
response from chat: Projektion
processing word: special
response from chat: Besonders
processing word: diagnostic
response from chat: Diagnostik
processing word: pay
response from chat: Bezahlen
processing word: corporation
response from chat: Konzern
processing word: courtesy
response from chat: Höflichkeit
processing word: criticism
response from chat: Kritik
processing word: confidential
response from chat: Vertraulich
processing word: arise
response from chat: Entstehen
processing word: acoustic
response from chat: Akustik
processing word: indicator
response from chat: Indikator
processing word: eliminate
response from chat: Eliminieren
processing word: fusion
response from chat: Fusion
processing word: preference
response from chat: Präferenz
processing word: parish
response from chat: Pfarrei
processing word: exploration
response from chat: Erkundung
processing word: sequence
response from chat: Wortfolge
processing word: stem
response from chat: Stamm
processing word: tag
response from chat: Etikett
processing word: compression
response from chat: Kompression
processing word: establish
response from chat: Etablieren
processing word: coaching
response from chat: Coaching
processing word: encoding
response from chat: Kodierung
processing word: information
response from chat: Information
processing word: ethics
response from chat: Ethik
processing word: mobility
response from chat: Mobilität
processing word: flower
response from chat: Blume
processing word: prospect
response from chat: Aussicht
processing word: ultimately
response from chat: Letztendlich
processing word: artificial
response from chat: Künstlich
processing word: bearing
response from chat: Lager
processing word: coordination
response from chat: Koordination
processing word: affiliate
response from chat: Partner
processing word: violent
response from chat: Gewalttätig
processing word: potential
response from chat: Potenzial
processing word: constraint
response from chat: Einschränkung
processing word: dimension
response from chat: Dimension
processing word: considerable
response from chat: Beträchtlich
processing word: toner
response from chat: Toner
processing word: holding
response from chat: Halten
processing word: locator
response from chat: Locator
processing word: documentary
response from chat: Dokumentarfilm
processing word: thesis
response from chat: These
processing word: ensure
response from chat: Sicherstellen
processing word: legislature
response from chat: Legislative
processing word: hospitality
response from chat: Gastfreundschaft
processing word: procurement
response from chat: Beschaffung
processing word: surveillance
response from chat: Überwachung
processing word: optimal
response from chat: Optimal
processing word: distinct
response from chat: Unterschiedlich
processing word: protocol
response from chat: Protokoll
processing word: inclusion
response from chat: Einbeziehung
processing word: evaluate
response from chat: Bewerten
processing word: termination
response from chat: Beendigung
processing word: save
response from chat: Speichern
processing word: authentic
response from chat: Authentisch
processing word: regime
response from chat: Regime
processing word: architecture
response from chat: Architektur
processing word: virtually
response from chat: Praktisch
processing word: authorize
response from chat: Autorisieren
processing word: verify
response from chat: Überprüfen
processing word: formerly
response from chat: Früher
processing word: psychology
response from chat: Psychologie
processing word: genealogy
response from chat: Genealogie
processing word: oppose
response from chat: Entgegenstellen
processing word: expenditure
response from chat: Ausgaben
processing word: critic
response from chat: Kritiker
processing word: connectivity
response from chat: Konnektivität
processing word: algorithm
response from chat: Algorithmus
processing word: solely
response from chat: Ausschließlich
processing word: collaborate
response from chat: Zusammenarbeiten
processing word: assault
response from chat: Angriff
processing word: logistics
response from chat: Logistik
processing word: analysis
response from chat: Analyse
processing word: scenario
response from chat: Szenario
processing word: symposium
response from chat: Symposium
processing word: gauge
response from chat: Messgerät
processing word: intensive
response from chat: Intensiv
processing word: quote
response from chat: Zitat
processing word: correspondence
response from chat: Korrespondenz
processing word: supervision
response from chat: Aufsicht
processing word: testimony
response from chat: Zeugnis
processing word: mandatory
response from chat: Verpflichtend
processing word: crucial
response from chat: Entscheidend
processing word: adjacent
response from chat: Angrenzend
processing word: tuition
response from chat: Unterricht
processing word: exotic
response from chat: Exotisch
processing word: receptor
response from chat: Rezeptor
processing word: surgery
response from chat: Chirurgie
processing word: citation
response from chat: Zitat
processing word: premise
response from chat: Prämisse
processing word: deployment
response from chat: Bereitstellung
processing word: directive
response from chat: Direktive
processing word: burden
response from chat: Belastung
processing word: isle
response from chat: Insel
processing word: offshore
response from chat: Offshore
processing word: govern
response from chat: Regieren
processing word: emission
response from chat: Emission
processing word: realty
response from chat: Immobilien
processing word: recruit
response from chat: Rekrutieren
processing word: apparent
response from chat: Offensichtlich
processing word: instruct
response from chat: Anweisen
processing word: probe
response from chat: Sonde
processing word: biotechnology
response from chat: Biotechnologie
processing word: mount
response from chat: Berg
processing word: prescribe
response from chat: verschreiben
processing word: time
response from chat: Zeit
processing word: debug
response from chat: Fehlersuche
processing word: reproduce
response from chat: Reproduzieren
processing word: consolidate
response from chat: Konsolidieren
processing word: exceptional
response from chat: Außergewöhnlich
processing word: anxiety
response from chat: Angst
processing word: while
response from chat: während
processing word: spatial
response from chat: Räumlich
processing word: respondent
response from chat: Befragter
processing word: precious
response from chat: Kostbar
processing word: consideration
response from chat: Berücksichtigung
processing word: composite
response from chat: Verbund
processing word: unavailable
response from chat: Nicht verfügbar
processing word: advocacy
response from chat: Fürsprache
processing word: essential
response from chat: Wesentlich
processing word: thread
response from chat: Faden
processing word: qualify
response from chat: Qualifizieren
processing word: sensitivity
response from chat: Empfindlichkeit
processing word: preservation
response from chat: Erhaltung
processing word: interim
response from chat: Zwischenzeitlich
processing word: divine
response from chat: Göttlich
processing word: compound
response from chat: Verbindung
processing word: intensity
response from chat: Intensität
processing word: technology
response from chat: Technologie
processing word: abortion
response from chat: Abtreibung
processing word: membrane
response from chat: Membran
processing word: conclude
response from chat: Abschließen
processing word: government
response from chat: Regierung
processing word: addiction
response from chat: Sucht
processing word: sacred
response from chat: Heilig
processing word: exterior
response from chat: Außen
processing word: synthesis
response from chat: Synthese
processing word: enhance
response from chat: Verbessern
processing word: clone
response from chat: Klon
processing word: velocity
response from chat: Geschwindigkeit
processing word: compose
response from chat: Komponieren
processing word: baseline
response from chat: Grundlinie
processing word: silicon
response from chat: Silizium
processing word: identical
response from chat: Identisch
processing word: petroleum
response from chat: Petroleum
processing word: retention
response from chat: Beibehaltung
processing word: soundtrack
response from chat: Soundtrack
processing word: physiology
response from chat: Physiologie
processing word: electron
response from chat: Elektron
processing word: treasury
response from chat: Schatzamt
processing word: rally
response from chat: Kundgebung
processing word: strain
response from chat: Belastung
processing word: investigation
response from chat: Untersuchung
processing word: encryption
response from chat: Verschlüsselung
processing word: sophisticated
response from chat: Raffiniert
processing word: impose
response from chat: Auferlegen
processing word: treaty
response from chat: Vertrag
processing word: vocal
response from chat: Vokal
processing word: thumbnail
response from chat: Miniaturansicht
processing word: span
response from chat: Spanne
processing word: statute
response from chat: Satzung
processing word: vulnerability
response from chat: Verwundbarkeit
processing word: accountability
response from chat: Verantwortlichkeit
processing word: accredit
response from chat: Akkreditieren
processing word: compress
response from chat: Komprimieren
processing word: schedule
response from chat: Zeitplan
processing word: mortality
response from chat: Sterblichkeit
processing word: therapeutic
response from chat: Therapeutisch
processing word: challenge
response from chat: Herausforderung
processing word: relocation
response from chat: Umsiedlung
processing word: violation
response from chat: Verstoß
processing word: discretion
response from chat: Diskretion
processing word: repository
response from chat: Repository
processing word: praise
response from chat: Lob
processing word: concentration
response from chat: Konzentration
processing word: execute
response from chat: Ausführen
processing word: realistic
response from chat: Realistisch
processing word: showcase
response from chat: Schaufenster
processing word: integral
response from chat: Integral
processing word: synopsis
response from chat: Zusammenfassung
processing word: prairie
response from chat: Prärie
processing word: reunion
response from chat: Wiedersehen
processing word: bias
response from chat: Voreingenommenheit
processing word: contrary
response from chat: Entgegen
processing word: millennium
response from chat: Jahrtausend
processing word: fishery
response from chat: Fischerei
processing word: leasing
response from chat: Leasing
processing word: fellowship
response from chat: Gemeinschaft
processing word: patent
response from chat: Patent
processing word: chaos
response from chat: Chaos
processing word: compiler
response from chat: Compiler
processing word: enlarge
response from chat: Vergrößern
processing word: instance
response from chat: Instanz
processing word: corruption
response from chat: Korruption
processing word: trigger
response from chat: Auslöser
processing word: incentive
response from chat: Anreiz
processing word: cholesterol
response from chat: Cholesterin
processing word: notify
response from chat: Benachrichtigen
processing word: router
response from chat: Router
processing word: arthritis
response from chat: Arthritis
processing word: nevertheless
response from chat: Dennoch
processing word: taxation
response from chat: Besteuerung
processing word: practitioner
response from chat: Praktiker
processing word: transcript
response from chat: Transkript
processing word: theorem
response from chat: Satz
processing word: inflation
response from chat: Inflation
processing word: stylus
response from chat: Eingabestift
processing word: contract
response from chat: Vertrag
processing word: structure
response from chat: Struktur
processing word: reasonable
response from chat: Vernünftig
processing word: assume
response from chat: Annehmen
processing word: money
response from chat: Geld
processing word: extraordinary
response from chat: Außergewöhnlich
processing word: coordinate
response from chat: Koordinate
processing word: alleged
response from chat: Angeblich
processing word: widescreen
response from chat: Breitbildschirm
processing word: compile
response from chat: Kompilieren
processing word: construct
response from chat: Konstrukt
processing word: tribal
response from chat: Stammes
processing word: eclipse
response from chat: Finsternis
processing word: stun
response from chat: betäuben
processing word: tribute
response from chat: Tribut
processing word: immune
response from chat: Immun
processing word: forestry
response from chat: Forstwirtschaft
processing word: perception
response from chat: Wahrnehmung
processing word: pathology
response from chat: Pathologie
processing word: contribute
response from chat: Beitragen
processing word: circulation
response from chat: Zirkulation
processing word: offense
response from chat: Beleidigung
processing word: assumption
response from chat: Annahme
processing word: executive
response from chat: Exekutive
processing word: cognitive
response from chat: Kognitiv
processing word: staff
response from chat: Personal
processing word: closure
response from chat: Schließung
processing word: registrar
response from chat: Registrar
processing word: rule
response from chat: Regel
processing word: withdrawal
response from chat: Rückzug
processing word: cancel
response from chat: Abbrechen
processing word: plugin
response from chat: Plugin
processing word: public
response from chat: Öffentlich
processing word: veterinary
response from chat: Tierarzt
processing word: reseller
response from chat: Wiederverkäufer
processing word: intake
response from chat: Aufnahme
processing word: relevance
response from chat: Relevanz
processing word: mechanic
response from chat: Mechaniker
processing word: geek
response from chat: Streber
processing word: assure
response from chat: Versichern
processing word: devote
response from chat: Widmen
processing word: spirituality
response from chat: Spiritualität
processing word: hormone
response from chat: Hormon
processing word: meanwhile
response from chat: Inzwischen
processing word: medieval
response from chat: Mittelalterlich
processing word: casting
response from chat: Gießen
processing word: journalism
response from chat: Journalismus
processing word: trivia
response from chat: Wissenswertes
processing word: undertake
response from chat: Übernehmen
processing word: hazard
response from chat: Gefahr
processing word: retro
response from chat: Retro.
processing word: semiconductor
response from chat: Halbleiter
processing word: circular
response from chat: Kreisförmig
processing word: mainland
response from chat: Festland
processing word: substance
response from chat: Substanz
processing word: identifier
response from chat: Bezeichner
processing word: conduct
response from chat: Verhalten
processing word: exempt
response from chat: Befreit
processing word: guild
response from chat: Gilde
processing word: correlation
response from chat: Korrelation
processing word: gorgeous
response from chat: Wunderschön
processing word: fragrance
response from chat: Duft
processing word: replica
response from chat: Replik
processing word: superb
response from chat: Hervorragend
processing word: inappropriate
response from chat: Unangemessen
processing word: exhaust
response from chat: Auspuff
processing word: distinguish
response from chat: Unterscheiden
processing word: project
response from chat: Projekt
processing word: shareholder
response from chat: Aktionär
processing word: development
response from chat: Entwicklung
processing word: regulate
response from chat: Regulieren
processing word: amend
response from chat: Ändern
processing word: anticipate
response from chat: Erwarten
processing word: advocate
response from chat: Anwalt
processing word: confusion
response from chat: Verwirrung
processing word: warranty
response from chat: Garantie
processing word: genome
response from chat: Genom
processing word: vulnerable
response from chat: Verwundbar
processing word: unify
response from chat: Vereinigen
processing word: fall
response from chat: Herbst
processing word: precise
response from chat: Präzise
processing word: respire
response from chat: Atmen
processing word: mainstream
response from chat: Mainstream
processing word: maternity
response from chat: Mutterschaft
processing word: proceed
response from chat: Fortfahren
processing word: indirect
response from chat: Indirekt
processing word: among
response from chat: unter
processing word: liability
response from chat: Haftung
processing word: tolerance
response from chat: Toleranz
processing word: creativity
response from chat: Kreativität
processing word: optics
response from chat: Optik
processing word: nipple
response from chat: Brustwarze
processing word: behavior
response from chat: Verhalten
processing word: insight
response from chat: Einsicht
processing word: initiate
response from chat: Einleiten
processing word: nonprofit
response from chat: Gemeinnützig
processing word: suspend
response from chat: Aussetzen
processing word: hereby
response from chat: Hiermit
processing word: simultaneously
response from chat: Gleichzeitig
processing word: integrate
response from chat: Integrieren
processing word: sociology
response from chat: Soziologie
processing word: retrieve
response from chat: Abrufen
processing word: recipient
response from chat: Empfänger
processing word: finite
response from chat: Endlich
processing word: periodically
response from chat: Periodisch
processing word: durable
response from chat: Langlebig
processing word: moisture
response from chat: Feuchtigkeit
processing word: roster
response from chat: Liste
processing word: refer
response from chat: Beziehen
processing word: tuning
response from chat: Abstimmung
processing word: future
response from chat: Zukunft
processing word: alignment
response from chat: Wortausrichtung
processing word: visibility
response from chat: Sichtbarkeit
processing word: consciousness
response from chat: Bewusstsein
processing word: tumor
response from chat: Tumor
processing word: trustee
response from chat: Treuhänder
processing word: reprint
response from chat: Nachdruck
processing word: analyst
response from chat: Analyst
processing word: trance
response from chat: Trance
processing word: invasion
response from chat: Invasion
processing word: notion
response from chat: Begriff
processing word: infrared
response from chat: Infrarot
processing word: aggressive
response from chat: Aggressiv
processing word: soon
response from chat: Bald
processing word: lender
response from chat: Kreditgeber
processing word: fixture
response from chat: Befestigung
processing word: mere
response from chat: Bloß
processing word: consistent
response from chat: Konsistent
processing word: con
response from chat: Betrug
processing word: surplus
response from chat: Überschuss
processing word: appreciation
response from chat: Wertschätzung
processing word: subsequently
response from chat: Anschließend
processing word: incorporate
response from chat: Integrieren
processing word: treasurer
response from chat: Schatzmeister
processing word: essence
response from chat: Essenz
processing word: flooring
response from chat: Bodenbelag
processing word: lightweight
response from chat: Leichtgewicht
processing word: mighty
response from chat: mächtig
processing word: humanity
response from chat: Menschlichkeit
processing word: transcription
response from chat: Transkription
processing word: complication
response from chat: Komplikation
processing word: snapshot
response from chat: Schnappschuss
processing word: synthetic
response from chat: Synthetisch
processing word: segment
response from chat: Wortsegment
processing word: dominant
response from chat: Dominant
processing word: newbie
response from chat: Anfänger
processing word: minimize
response from chat: Minimieren
processing word: wilderness
response from chat: Wildnis
processing word: debut
response from chat: Debüt
processing word: sponsorship
response from chat: Sponsoring
processing word: fraction
response from chat: Bruch
processing word: uncertainty
response from chat: Unsicherheit
processing word: reconstruction
response from chat: Rekonstruktion
processing word: clarity
response from chat: Klarheit
processing word: airfare
response from chat: Flugpreis
processing word: beneficial
response from chat: Vorteilhaft
processing word: distribution
response from chat: Verteilung
processing word: robust
response from chat: Robust
processing word: abstract
response from chat: Abstrakt
processing word: ivory
response from chat: Elfenbein
processing word: pharmaceutical
response from chat: Pharmazeutisch
processing word: fabulous
response from chat: Fabelhaft
processing word: individual
response from chat: Individuum
processing word: literally
response from chat: Wörtlich
processing word: consist
response from chat: bestehen
processing word: maritime
response from chat: Maritim
processing word: period
response from chat: Periode
processing word: overhead
response from chat: Überkopf
processing word: breed
response from chat: Züchten
processing word: tier
response from chat: Stufe
processing word: manor
response from chat: Herrenhaus
processing word: homeland
response from chat: Heimat
processing word: disclaimer
response from chat: Haftungsausschluss
processing word: rapid
response from chat: Schnell
processing word: incoming
response from chat: Eingehend
processing word: eternal
response from chat: Ewig
processing word: cite
response from chat: zitieren
processing word: remarkable
response from chat: Bemerkenswert
processing word: metric
response from chat: Metrik
processing word: comply
response from chat: Befolgen
processing word: penalty
response from chat: Strafe
processing word: refurbish
response from chat: Aufarbeiten
processing word: conference
response from chat: Konferenz
processing word: accommodate
response from chat: Unterbringen
processing word: diet
response from chat: Diät
processing word: statutory
response from chat: Gesetzlich
processing word: indigenous
response from chat: Indigen
processing word: differential
response from chat: Differential
processing word: consensus
response from chat: Konsens
processing word: bizarre
response from chat: Bizarre
processing word: consortium
response from chat: Konsortium
processing word: pharmacology
response from chat: Pharmakologie
processing word: obituary
response from chat: Nachruf
